Update kubernetes.md (#1516)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/cloud/agent/kubernetes.md

The `install` command for Kubernetes will output a YAML deployment definition that can be applied to a cluster. You can view the output ahead of time by not piping the output into `kubectl apply`.

:::tip Namespace

> By default, running `kubectl apply -f -` will apply the last metadata configuration. To ensure namespace does not get overwritten, include it in your kubectl command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, running `kubectl apply -f -` will apply the manifest against the _default_ namespace. To ensure the agent is deployed into your desired namespace it must be specified:
```
